getting a tattoo is a big decision and
doing it with a stranger requires an
unusual amount of spontaneity so to
challenge and remind myself to not take
life too seriously I thought it'd be a
great idea to try to find someone to get
a matching tattoo with me but this isn't
just the story of how a stranger and I
got tattoos this is a story of how an
entire group of people took a regular
knife to one of the most memorable
experiences of their lives but to start
looking for a stranger we made the big
mistake going to a college campus the
thing is we've asked people to do like
things for like 30 minutes but we've
never asked somebody to get something
permanent on their body how's it going
guys I have a question I'm trying to
find a stranger to get a matching tattoo
with today it's not one of you guys matt
is asking you why I'm nervous
I'm [ __ ] walking around a college
campus looking like a prankster asking
people if they want to get tattoos
that's why I'm nervous I gotta find a
guy that clearly is just had it up on
his sleeves that's too easy
oh yeah let's make this a little oh you
have a tattoo I'm trying to find someone
to get a matching tattoo shake it off
hey man you want to get matching tattoos
you want to get the same one together
no okay the things the heart a little
bit you know yeah I don't know it's a
tattoo shop around here is it cheating
if someone watches our videos would you
have said yes though the only thing in
life that I ever said yeah I'm trying to
find a stranger to get a matching tattoo
with me is that you okay cool have a gun
I just flipped me off what'd I do wrong
there just ask when you get matching
tattoos no
pranksters ruined college campuses i
stranger to get a matching tattoo with
me
okay go what's up guys welcome back to
another prank war time invaded say okay
well this is not gonna work but I just
realized tomorrow night there's
something called First Fridays just like
a day were dozens of food trucks show up
on one Street and there's always
hundreds of people there should try that
Nicole we're gonna get attacked actually
didn't show this one but wait why are
you the one getting the tattoo why
aren't you getting it Oh Shh what if you
he's not search on this this only way
down you know sorry I'm not getting a
tattoo my dad promised my dad every
friends went tonight yeah okay - trying
to get a tattoo and we'll bring my
friend Nicole helping me hopefully make
this task let's be cool but it was
yesterday I'm gonna find somebody on
this frickin story right now you'll have
a whole squad to support you guys
I have a question excuse me we have a
question in the office you're gonna find
a stranger to get a masking pen to move
tonight joining homeless no I'm trying
to find a stranger to get a matching oh
wow we get matching tattoos
bro yeah totally dope really jam right
now I gotta check with my mom for mother
nature you know they're getting ready to
grow but I'll be bark for sure that's
cool
all right so no yes tattoo it's very
tempting but I'm gonna say no yeah what
should I do it's just like yeah a little
I'm trying to find a stream just to get
a matching tattoo with tonight I'm
matching tattoo and tonight what would
be the tattoos I'm thinking like yes yes
yeah no oh my god the craziest thing
I've ever done is we're gonna have this
for life together do you have a soul
bond we're getting matching tattoos with
strangers right now yeah you're gonna
get one too yeah what dude literally
everyone is getting intense
[Music]
we just met them like 20 minutes ago I'm
just gonna get it done I figure out what
fun we're gonna get everyone the font on
this is where you get all the fonts
never had the urge to get a tattoo my
dad has told me that's a one Peters want
me to do but its situation like this
we're just kind of like dad you would
say yes as well it's such a good memory
I have to is getting a frickin tattoo my
first one yeah what did you what did you
bump into it she said it's okay
ten people getting tattoos this is like
the Oprah meme it's like you get a
tattoo you get a dad everyone
it's just too many people I loved in one
room and too much of a good memory you
can't say no to this I'm the only one
saying no fine so cool is that everybody
for the rest of their lives will
remember tonight I have a permanent mark
[Music]
man I just bail after this some way here
we go get sorry mom
[Music]
don't know IFIF Gotama years starting
out like who knows what else is gonna
happen we get a tattoo
[Music]
damn it scary phase getting is too this
isn't sense
damn and rude that's pretty big
[Music]
nine people wake up - Blanca
the anticipation ease titty this more
the better yeah what's the smallest unit
without me
[Music]
it's like perfectly small perfectly
simple can't bloom divots can't believe
I'm actually getting attention I never
ever thought I would and then you think
about it second why not like so many
people I love and two awesome strangers
who came over titties doing it I'm doing
it city goes all out set it like four
times tonight Matt - native I'm doing it
and I'm doing it
your parents are gonna see the whole
like frog convincing process your
pressure works in real time today I know
but I look back in my thirty years my
mom and my dad are gonna kill me I can't
believe my brother's get any tattoo I
did not force him it was his choice
I I can't be responsible if I'm not it's
a big moment for me not one to say yes
to anything what was the reason for like
you wanting to get London convinced me
she's like I'm 33 and I haven't done
anything like spontaneous and cool like
when I'm 33 my dad and my mom would be
so pissed that they were this room with
us right now but never even through the
endless screaming and lecturing they'd
be fine any last word just say yes
you see I was originally gotten a first
had to leave
Shania's first biggest yes even editing
for us we're like I mean with us for a
year and a half now I've never taken a
cute yes writer you dude I'm so sorry I
can't be blamed for this
[Music]
[Applause]
all right
[Music]